---
layout: text-page
title: "Contact"
date:   2021-07-30 00:00:00

permalink: /contact/
---

## Contact Rebble

### Technical support

If you need help with Rebble services, you may find it useful to check the
[Help Center](https://help.rebble.io).  If that does not resolve your
problem, consider visiting the [Rebble Discord server](/discord) -- we have
a vibrant community ready to help out!

### Billing questions

If you have questions about a bill from "REBBLE ALLIANCE" on your credit
card, or have any other questions about the paid part of the Rebble
services, you can e-mail us at
[support@rebble.io](mailto:support@rebble.io).  Please keep in mind that
Rebble is run mostly as a volunteer project, and isn't anybody's full time
job ... we tend to read e-mail in batches, and so it might be a week or two
before you get a response, but we will get back to you!

### Appstore content

If you have an issue with an app or watchface on the [Rebble
appstore](https://apps.rebble.io), please contact us by email at
[support@rebble.io](mailto://support@rebble.io) with the word 'appstore' in
the email subject.  Please include a link to the app or watchface in
question.

If you have a copyright issue with appstore content, please see the
[relevant section of our terms of service for more
information](/tos/#e-copyright-infringement-and-dmca-policy).

### Privacy and Terms of Service

If you are interested in our privacy policy or our terms of service, they can be viewed using the following links:
	- [Privacy policy](/privacy)   
	- [Terms of Service](/tos)

### Anything else

The fastest way to get help with Rebble is to [join us on
Discord](/discord), where there are plenty of folks (including Rebble
administrators!) who'd love to help out.  But if you need to get in touch
for any other reason, feel free to email us at
[support@rebble.io](mailto:support@rebble.io).  Please note that it's very
hard for us to provide technical support via e-mail -- we mostly use e-mail
for business-related questions (billing, etc) -- so if at all possible, we
really do encourage you to use Discord for that kind of thing!
